oh I can't take any more secrets I got
your secrets like a dare secrets I got
secrets of my own you know you don't
have any secrets
oh yeah well you don't know about hugs
in my bedtime penguin pal
so how are we gonna mess with them well
you could use your position you know as
the roommate and then I would use you
know the strongest tool at my disposal
my sexuality hello children
hey watch learn and don't eat my cookie
hey ooh wow that jacket looks great on
you
really yeah the material looks so soft
oh hello mr. bicep you've been working
out well I try to you know squeeze
things okay well if you really want to
know
I can't tell you this me baby it's me
you can tell me anything
well actually you're the one person I
can't tell this to and the one person I
want to the most what's going on I think
it's just you know that I haven't been
with a guy in so long and you know how
sometimes you're looking for something
and you just don't even see that it's
right there in front of you sipping
coffee oh no have I said too much
something I think about I know I will
[Music]
[Applause]
we are so cute how did you get to be so
cute well my grandfather was Swedish and
my grandmother was actually a tiny
little bunny now you're even cuter you
know that is a popular opinion today I
must say well well where's thing
happened at the coffee house I think I
think Phoebe was hitting on me what are
you talking about I'm telling you I
think Phoebe thinks I'm foxy it's not
possible Oh
I'm sorry it's just Phebe's just always
thought you were you're Charming in a
sexless kind of way oh you know I I
can't hear that enough I'm sorry I just
thought that you misunderstood her
no I didn't misunderstand okay she was
all over me she touched my bicep for
crying out loud this bicep well it's not
flex right now bye Chandler I miss you
already
okay did you see that with the
inappropriate and the pinching actually
I did okay so now do you believe that
she's attracted to me oh my god oh my
god she knows about us are you serious
Phoebe knows and she just are gonna
freak us out that's the only explanation
for it okay but what about you know my
pinchable butt and my bulging biceps she
knows
[Music]
Joey Phoebe knows about us
well I didn't tell them them Phoebe and
Joey Joey and Rachel they made me
promise not to tell oh man I'm sorry but
hey it's over now right cuz you can tell
them you know they know and I can go
back to knowing absolutely nothing no
not unless look this must sad now they
think they are so slick messing with us
but see they don't know that we know
that they know
so yes the messers become the messies